Import deployable tutorial (#495)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-07/importing-a-deployable-tutorial/high-level-overview/high-level-overview.md

#### Slack

Our Community Slack allows users to interact with other Octopus Deploy users and us. [Come join us!](https://octopus.com/slack)

#### Support

We have a dedicated support team that is here to answer any questions you may have. They update their knowledge to support Octopus Deploy its software integrations. Their goal is to give accurate and timely answers to all support questions. If you need help you can contact support at support@octopus.com for Octopus-specific technical issues, or you can email advice@octopus.com for more complex CI/CD and integration questions.

#### Sales

Every business is different and licensing needs may vary. Our sales team help businesses deploy the right Octopus Deploy services to meet their needs. If you need advice on licensing, pricing options, or upgrading your account, [our sales team is happy to help!](https://octopus.com/company/contact)

#### Demos & Samples

We have hosted some demo and sample instances of Octopus Deploy:

- [this is a demo version of Octopus Deploy](https://demo.octopus.com/)
- [this is an instance with sample projects](https://samples.octopus.app/)

> Use these instances as sandbox environments to play with once you have understood the basics. We encourage trial and experimentation. We would love it if you could let us know via support or slack if there are any samples you would like to see.

Reviewer: I believe these are view only instances. So maybe something like:
```suggestion
These instances provide guest only access, which allows you to log in and see how a variety of projects have been set up. We would love it if you could let us know via support or slack if there are any samples you would like to see.
```

## What is Octopus Deploy and who is it for?

Octopus Deploy began in 2012 to create happy deployments, and by extension, happy software teams. Octopus Deploy focuses on three main parts of continuous delivery: Deploy, Release and Operate.

Octopus Deploy sits in the middle of the CI/CD toolchain, acting as an orchestrator. This orchestration requires several software integrations from coding frameworks to cloud providers. Octopus Deploy chooses to do a smaller number of things at high quality, over doing everything. By focussing on orchestration and enabling these integrations, Octopus enables best-in-class tooling. See our custom tutorial builder that builds [tutorials for your CI/CD stack.](https://octopus.com/docs/guides)

## What have I learned?

You have imported an exported project and deployed a package to an Azure web application. You have learned some of the fundamental concepts of Octopus Deploy, such as:

 - deployment targets
 - environments
 - accounts
 - packaging applications
 - projects
 - releases
 - deployments
 - variables

>  - runbooks

Reviewer: Are these two still included in the post?

Author: not anymore now that we have removed them in the tutorial
